hi guys
excuse my croaky voice I've not longer
up and there's a reason for that which I
will explain and I do sound a hell of a
lot deeper to myself anyway then I would
normally race or throat and obviously
got some sort of cold coming on but it's
Friday and I'm desperately trying to
stick to my schedule and actually me
feeling rough today kind of works in my
favor this is gonna be a super quick
video basically what I'm doing today is
are going to review these sachets which
are called instantly ageless sachets I
can never say settings so I have got
these from KC's and basically this is a
new craze that's sweeping the Internet
and it's basically I've seen a few
videos and it just transforms wrinkles
and lines and bags instantly as it says
on the sachet so I I have I have work
that
atheneum really rough this morning that
was like Bristol cop nicht I'm not off
saying mind today
so I've got no makeup on like I said not
long wipe up just have my green juice to
try and boost my immune system I don't
really know how much of this is gonna
sort of come across clearly on camera
but I'm gonna do a super close up in a
minute
I am suffering with quite bad bags a
minute due to the lot a lack of sleep
and I did actually go and see a
dermatologist the other day and my skin
around my eyes is really thinning and
and that's why you can see my black
circles under that and I'll say although
you can't see it when I'm not smiling I
do I am getting smile lines here and I'm
not one of those people that's gonna
really worried about why I eat it Oh
but I am nearly 30 and it has occurred
to me that I do need to start looking
after my skin more and what's annoying
me about these sort of crows fee is that
one of her makeup on and I'm smiling and
I'm loving I'm having a wonderful time
not worrying about my makeup or smile
lines and then go look in the mirror and
I've got all these greasy bits of makeup
but it's stuck in that so I tried to
sort of tackle that currently and today
I'm going to try this on my bags and to
see what difference it makes and see if
you can actually tell on camera the
difference that it does make so I'm
going to zoom in now the see my name
yeah I'm not sure what this cream is
gonna do because the lines aren't
actually there
okay so I'm not sure exactly if you can
see on camera that it's made much of a
difference I think because I don't have
really obvious wrinkles and you know
don't suffer that heavily whether it's
hard to see a real difference I've seen
videos where you know older ladies have
got really really you know properly
saggy bags like you bags and they're
just gone instantly but just by using
that on one eye I can see that I've just
been had enough in the mirror and I can
see that the indent you can kind of see
it from that angle this looks a lot
heavier these this bag here and it's
definitely smooth my skin out my skin
feels tight a little bit but definitely
there is definitely a noticeable
improvement under here this doesn't last
forever it's like sort of a couple of
our thing I think or no maybe a bit
longer so I think is it sort of like how
are you supposed to use it like if we go
out but believe that if you need the
more often that you use it yourself you
train your skin into becoming more tight
etc I don't know the exact science
behind it so please go and do some
research if you're worried about it I
just thought it tested the results for
myself today to see the difference and
that is a noticeable difference so you
can see I get all these lines there they
have a decrease slightly
I'm trying to smile evenly now there is
a dip mm is a definite different that's
a bit better you can see here that's the
RIT I haven't put it on anything on this
side that's quite a deep bag there and
this is much firmer and looked at my bag
so closely but there is definitely a
difference
these are five-pound sachet or two for
nine pounds from KC Carr salon at
Bristol sorry I've sounded so rough
through this video I hope you found it
useful and if you're suffering from the
old bags then go and check this stuff
out because it's pretty awesome for what
it is and yes there you go I've been a
bit poorly sick and sorry it's a really
quick gone but I hope you enjoyed it and
I'll see you next video
you